README.md, before:

# Neovim settings
## Requirements
- [Neovim](https://neovim.io/)
- [git](https://git-scm.com/) for vim-plug
- [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug) for installing plugins
- [Powerline fonts](https://github.com/powerline/fonts) for the status line
- [Python 3.6+](https://www.python.org/downloads/) for Vimspector[^1]

![Vim with DejaVu Sans Mono for Powerline font](https://github.com/duythecoder/nvim-settings/blob/main/screenshots/Vim%20with%20DejaVu%20Sans%20Mono%20for%20Powerline%20font.png)
[^1]: On my PC, I have great difficulty in debugging because the debugger continuously jump into libraries, I still haven't found a solution for this.

## Properties
This copy of Neovim is shipped with:
- [Everforest](https://github.com/sainnhe/everforest) theme:
```
set background=dark
let g:everforest_background = 'soft'
```
- [vim-airline status bar](https://github.com/vim-airline/vim-airline)
- [NerdTree file browser](https://github.com/preservim/nerdtree)
- [vim-polyglot syntax highlighter](https://github.com/sheerun/vim-polyglot)
- [Vimspector debugger](https://github.com/puremourning/vimspector)
- My default C++ template

## Installation
- Add Python and `pip` to `%PATH%`, install Python 3 in Neovim using `pip3 install --user neovim`.
- Add Neovim to `%PATH%`, start Windows Terminal, type `nvim` to start Neovim. Type `echo stdpath('config')` to get the settings path for Neovim.
- Copy `init.vim` into that folder, `:w`, `:so %`, `:PlugInstall`, [:VimspectorInstall](https://github.com/puremourning/vimspector) to install all plugins (I use `:VimspectorInstall --all`).
- Once again, `:w`, `:so %` and restart Neovim.

## Usage
- Leader key is the **space** key.
### Keymap
#### Neovim settings
##### Switching between panes
+ `Ctrl + H` for **left** pane.
+ `Ctrl + L` for **right** pane.
+ `Ctrl + J` for **bottom** pane.
+ `Ctrl + K` for **top** pane.
##### Navigation
+ `Ctrl + J` for moving 10 lines down.
+ `Ctrl + K` for moving 10 lines up.
##### C++ compilation
+ Press `Shift + Z` to compile.
#### Plugin settings
##### NerdTree
+ `Leader + F` for viewing file.
+ `Leader + T` for toggling.
##### vim-airline#tabline
+ `Tab` for switching to next tab.
+ `Shift + Tab` for switching to previous tab.
##### vim-spector
- Mapping: **HUMAN** mode

| Key      | Function |
| :---    |    :----  |
| `F3` | Stop debugging |
| `F6`  | Pause debugger |
| `F9` | Toggle breakpoint for current line |
| `Leader + F9`  | 	Toggle conditional line breakpoint or logpoint on the current line |
| `F8` | Add a function breakpoint for the expression under cursor |
| `Leader + F8`  | 	Run to cursor |
| `F10`  | 	Step over |
| `F11` | Step into |
| `F12`  | 	Step out of current function scope |

- Custom keymaps:
  - `Leader + dd` to start debugging.
  - `Leader + dx` to reset the debugger.
  - `Leader + de` to evaluate an expression.
  - `Leader + dw` to set a watch on a variable.
  - `Leader + do` to show the output.

Commit message:

Terminal + Copy, paste + New tab
Keymaps, new features

README.md, after:

# Neovim settings
## Requirements
- [Neovim](https://neovim.io/)
- [git](https://git-scm.com/) for vim-plug
- [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug) for installing plugins
- [Powerline fonts](https://github.com/powerline/fonts) for the status line
- [Python 3.6+](https://www.python.org/downloads/) for Vimspector[^1]

![Vim with DejaVu Sans Mono for Powerline font](https://github.com/duythecoder/nvim-settings/blob/main/screenshots/Vim%20with%20DejaVu%20Sans%20Mono%20for%20Powerline%20font.png)
[^1]: On my PC, I have great difficulty in debugging because the debugger continuously jump into libraries, I still haven't found a solution for this.

## Properties
This copy of Neovim is shipped with:
- [Everforest](https://github.com/sainnhe/everforest) theme:
```
set background=dark
let g:everforest_background = 'soft'
```
- [vim-airline status bar](https://github.com/vim-airline/vim-airline)
- [NerdTree file browser](https://github.com/preservim/nerdtree)
- [vim-polyglot syntax highlighter](https://github.com/sheerun/vim-polyglot)
- [Vimspector debugger](https://github.com/puremourning/vimspector)
- [See how](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36341511/how-do-i-insert-text-at-the-beginning-of-a-vim-file-using-the-vimrc-file) I set my default C++ template

### Coming soon
- Automatically insert libraries into CPP file

## Installation
### Windows
- Add Python and `pip` to `%PATH%`, install Python 3 in Neovim using `pip3 install --user neovim`.
- Add Neovim to `%PATH%`, start Windows Terminal, type `nvim` to start Neovim. Type `echo stdpath('config')` to get the settings path for Neovim.
- Copy `init.vim` into that folder, `:w`, `:so %`, `:PlugInstall`, [:VimspectorInstall](https://github.com/puremourning/vimspector) to install all plugins (I use `:VimspectorInstall --all`).
- Once again, `:w`, `:so %` and restart Neovim.

## Usage
- Leader key is the **space** key.
### Keymap
#### Neovim built-in settings
##### Switching between panes
+ `Ctrl + H` for **left** pane.
+ `Ctrl + L` for **right** pane.
+ `Ctrl + J` for **bottom** pane.
+ `Ctrl + K` for **top** pane.
##### Navigation
+ `Ctrl + J` for moving 10 lines down.
+ `Ctrl + K` for moving 10 lines up.
##### C++ compilation
+ `Shift + Z` to compile.
##### Copy + paste between Vim and OS
+ `Leader + Y` for copying.
+ `Leader + P` for pasting.
##### Terminal
+ `Shift + T` for starting terminal.
+ `Esc` for Terminal Normal mode.
#### Plugin settings
##### NerdTree
+ `Leader + F` for viewing file.
+ `Leader + T` for toggling.
##### vim-airline#tabline
+ `Ctrl + T` for new tab.
+ `Tab` for switching to next tab.
+ `Shift + Tab` for switching to previous tab.
##### vim-spector
- Mapping: **HUMAN** mode

| Key      | Function |
| :---    |    :----  |
| `F3` | Stop debugging |
| `F6`  | Pause debugger |
| `F9` | Toggle breakpoint for current line |
| `Leader + F9`  | 	Toggle conditional line breakpoint or logpoint on the current line |
| `F8` | Add a function breakpoint for the expression under cursor |
| `Leader + F8`  | 	Run to cursor |
| `F10`  | 	Step over |
| `F11` | Step into |
| `F12`  | 	Step out of current function scope |

- Custom keymaps:
  - `Leader + dd` to start debugging.
  - `Leader + dx` to reset the debugger.
  - `Leader + de` to evaluate an expression.
  - `Leader + dw` to set a watch on a variable.
  - `Leader + do` to show the output.
